Make check-cfg docs more user-friendly (#124209)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/check-cfg.md

# Checking conditional configurations

`rustc` supports checking that every _reachable_[^reachable] `#[cfg]` matches a list of the
expected config names and values.

This can help with verifying that the crate is correctly handling conditional compilation for
different target platforms or features. It ensures that the cfg settings are consistent between
what is intended and what is used, helping to catch potential bugs or errors early in the
development process.

In order to accomplish that goal, `rustc` accepts the `--check-cfg` flag, which specifies
whether to check conditions and how to check them.

> **Note:** No implicit expectation is added when using `--cfg`. Users are expected to
pass all expected names and values using the _check cfg specification_.

[^reachable]: `rustc` promises to at least check reachable `#[cfg]`, and while non-reachable
`#[cfg]` are not currently checked, they may well be checked in the future without it being a
breaking change.

## Specifying and configuring expected names and values

> To specifying and configuring expected names and values, the _check cfg specification_ provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify and configuring expected names and values, the _check cfg specification_ provides
```

> the `cfg(...)` form which enables specifying for an expected config name and it's expected values.

Reviewer: > removing the "form" jargon

there's still one here

Author: Thanks, fixed.

# Checking conditional configurations

`rustc` supports checking that every _reachable_[^reachable] `#[cfg]` matches a list of the
expected config names and values.

This can help with verifying that the crate is correctly handling conditional compilation for
different target platforms or features. It ensures that the cfg settings are consistent between
what is intended and what is used, helping to catch potential bugs or errors early in the
development process.

In order to accomplish that goal, `rustc` accepts the `--check-cfg` flag, which specifies
whether to check conditions and how to check them.

> **Note:** No implicit expectation is added when using `--cfg`. Users are expected to
pass all expected names and values using the _check cfg specification_.

[^reachable]: `rustc` promises to at least check reachable `#[cfg]`, and while non-reachable
`#[cfg]` are not currently checked, they may well be checked in the future without it being a
breaking change.

> ## Specifying and configuring expected names and values

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand the difference between "specifying" and "configuring". They seem to be essentially the same, so I'm not sure why there is a distinction here.

```suggestion
## Specifying expected names and values
```

Author: The difference is only for `cfg(any())` and `cfg(name, values(any()))` which doesn't specify a list of expected names or values but expect **every** names or values. Which is more a of configuration (`cfg(any())` flips the default from nothing is expected to everything is expected, same for the other one).

But, I agree, the distinction doesn't seems very useful. Removed.

> To specify and configuring expected names and values, the _check cfg specification_ provides

Reviewer 2: This is the wrong form of the verb. Also, similar to above, I'm not sure it adds useful information for the reader.

```suggestion
To specify expected names and values, the _check cfg specification_ provides
```

the `cfg(...)` option which enables specifying for an expected config name and it's expected
values.

It has this basic form:

```bash
rustc --check-cfg 'cfg(name, values("value1", "value2", ... "valueN"))'
```

where `name` is a bare identifier (has no quotes) and each `"value"` term is a quoted literal
string. `name` specifies the name of the condition, such as `feature` or `my_cfg`.
`"value"` specify one of the value of that condition name.

When the `cfg(...)` option is specified, `rustc` will check every[^reachable]:
 - `#[cfg(name = "value")]` attribute
 - `#[cfg_attr(name = "value")]` attribute
 - `#[link(name = "a", cfg(name = "value"))]` attribute
 -  `cfg!(name = "value")` macro call

> > *The command line `--cfg` arguments are currently *NOT* checked but may very well be checked

Reviewer 2: This is already in italics, so adding italics again doesn't seem necessary.

```suggestion
> *The command line `--cfg` arguments are currently NOT checked but may be checked
```

To enable checking of name but not values, use one of these forms:

>   - No expected values (_will lint on every values of `name`_):

Reviewer: I think there's a typo here

rustc --check-cfg 'cfg(name1, ..., nameN, values("value1", "value2", ... "valueN"))'
```

To enable checking without specifying any names or values, use this form:

```bash
rustc --check-cfg 'cfg()'
```

The `--check-cfg cfg(...)` option can be repeated, both for the same condition name and for
different names. If it is repeated for the same condition name, then the sets of values for that
condition are merged together (precedence is given to `values(any())`).

> To help out an equivalence table between `--cfg` arguments and `--check-cfg` is available
[down below](#equivalence-table-with---cfg).

## Well known names and values

> In order to avoid the need for users have to specify configs set by Rust Toolchain, `rustc`
> maintains a list of well known names and their corresponding values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rustc` maintains a list of well-known names and their corresponding values in order to avoid the need to specify them manually.
```

> > Those well known names and values follows the same stability as what they refer to.

Reviewer 2: I don't know what "stability" this is referring to.

Author: "stability" refers to the presence or absence of those well known names and values.

What this note is trying to say is that the well known names and values always follow their corresponding config, if they change the well known cfg will also change, if they are removed they will also be removed from the well known cfgs list, ...

Author: After discussion with other people I have decided to remove that note as it's too confusing and imprecise; and trying to refine the phrasing didn't lead to any substantial improvements. Removed.
